Fix a test for certain versions of openmpi (#4102)
geodynamics/aspect: tests/CMakeLists.txt

  ENDIF()
ENDFUNCTION()

# A function that checks if a test depends on another test.
# This is encoded in .prm files through lines of the form
#    '# DEPENDS-ON: testname'
# The result is returned in a variable _depends_on in the

> # caller's scope.

Reviewer: maybe add a line about why one would want to have dependencies?

FUNCTION(get_depends_on _filename)
  FILE(STRINGS ${_filename} _input_lines
       REGEX "DEPENDS-ON:")
  IF("${_input_lines}" STREQUAL "")
    SET(_depends_on "" PARENT_SCOPE)
  ELSE()

>     # go over the (possibly multiple) lines with MPI markers and choose the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # go over the (possibly multiple) lines with DEPENDS_ON markers and choose the last
```

              -P ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/run_test.cmake
      WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
    SET_TESTS_PROPERTIES(${_testname} PROPERTIES TIMEOUT ${TEST_TIME_LIMIT})

    # Check if this test depends on another test
    GET_DEPENDS_ON(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${_testname}.prm)
    IF(NOT "${_depends_on}" STREQUAL "")

>       MESSAGE(STATUS "DEPENDENCY DETECTED. TEST:" ${_testname} "DEPENDENCY:" ${_depends_on})

Reviewer: That's a lot of shouting in upper case letters :-)
